Updated "Other" (#28)
PHS-TSA/webmaster-23-24: src/content/other/wind.mdx

---
title: Wind Power

> description: While America is lagging in wind power, we can opine to our elected officials

Reviewer: You got rid of opine 😢

> description: Wind is good for more than just cooling you off on a hot summer day

Reviewer: Feels a little weird to me seeing as a lot of electricity goes to AC.

Reviewer: Also, the generated code for this change wasn't committed, so thats why CI's failing, @MattsAttack.

Author: by generated do you mean the js files? if so i can go commit those real quick. It might get wonky though

Author: We can try in do this in homeroom tomorrow. Since I committed some of the stuff on my pc and some it on my mac book the js files may not be 100% updated on both. also it wont let me look at the js files on my pc

Reviewer: Not the js from the mdx, but but js for categories, etc.
The pages are gitignored.

sectionHeader: Wind Power
---

While not readily available for American consumers, wind power is still a great source of green energy.

> Wind turbines create energy by transforming the kinetic energy of the spinning blades into electrical energy that can be used to power communities.
> The only carbon emissions produced by wind turbines are the ones produced during their production. Once they're up they are 100% green.
> The only real issue with wind turbines is they can sometimes disrupt local ecosystems, especially for birds, but they generally don't cause many issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wind turbines create energy by transforming the kinetic energy of the spinning blades into electrical energy that can be used to power communities.
The only carbon emissions produced by wind turbines are the ones produced during their production.
Once they're up, they are 100% green.
The only real issue with wind turbines is they can sometimes disrupt local ecosystems, especially for birds, but national and local wildlife conservatories are actively working to diminish the effects of wind power on local wildlife. 
```
